{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green17\blue125;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Home\

\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 Photo(s)\

\b \
Note\

\b0 Hello!\
Thanks for stopping by. Brad & I are so excited to see you all in September! Here at our wedding site we've included lots of info about us, our wedding, etc. We hope you find everything you need (and maybe some things you want!). Drop us a note in our guestbook or see our contact page and give us an e-mail, we'd love to hear from you. Stop by again soon, we'll continue to update as we go along!\
\
Brad & Sara\
\

\b Info/Directions\

\b0 Our wedding will be on Sunday, September 6, 2009, and will start at 2:30 p.m. It will be held at the historic Powel Crosley Estate in Sarasota, Florida. The estate is located at: One Seagate Drive, 8374 North Tamiami Tr., Sarasota, FL 34243\
\
For a map and directions, click here.\
\

\b Bible Verse (bottom of every page?)
\b0 \
\

\b\fs40 Story\

\b0\fs28 \
Brad & I met during our first few days at the Ringling College of Art and Design. We were on our way back from one of the orientation activities, and I saw him sitting on the bus. Brad was wearing a Sanctus Real tee shirt (a Christian rock band that I also really liked) and I decided that I absolutely 
\b had
\b0  to meet this attractive guy with my tastes in music. I sat next to him, introduced myself, and drummed up a conversation. We ended up in the same graphic design classes freshman & sophomore year and became friends, talking about music and school, and going to concerts and hanging out with our friend Jesse. \
\
Life took us many places during college, but Brad and I always ended up together. By junior year we were best friends, and my (more or less constant) crush on Brad began to blossom into something more. During Christmas break of junior year, we took a trip to Seattle with friends and fell in love with the city (and each other!) We started dating the day before Valentines Day 2008. \
\
After an amazing year of being together, Brad and I took another trip to Seattle for Spring Break 2009. We had a bunch of job interviews lined up, but before them we planned to go to the Space Needle restaurant, Sky City, for a date. On our walk to the Space Needle, it started to lightly snow. Our dinner was amazing, looking out over the city where we plan to start our new life. After dinner, Brad got down on one knee and asked me to marry him! It was an amazing night, the best of our lives so far! \
\
We're both graduating from Ringling May 8th, and moving to Seattle in June. We're very excited to come back in September and get married in Sarasota, where we met!\

\b\fs40 \

\fs28 \

\fs38 Wedding Party\

\fs28 \
Maid of Honor: \

\b0 Amanda Emdin\
Sara's friend from high school & college\
\

\b Junior Bridesmaid:
\b0 \
Elizabeth Mantle\
Sara's sister
\b \
\
Bridesmaids: \

\b0 Robyn McNally\
Brad's sister\
\
Kristyn McNally\
Kyle's wife & Brad's long-time friend\
\
Delaney Millard\
Sara's cousin\
\

\b Best Man:\

\b0 Kyle McNally\
Brad's brother & best friend\

\b \
Groomsmen:\

\b0 Jesse Penico
\b \

\b0 Brad & Sara's friend from college\
\
Ron Sparks\
Brad & Sara's good friend\

\b \

\b0 Andrew Prahlow\
Sara's cousin
\b \
\

\fs40 Gift Registry\

\b0\fs28 \
We are registered at the following stores:\
\
Target - https://www.target.com/registry/wedding/ZM676VQ48O6T\
Bed Bath & Beyond - http://www.bedbathandbeyond.com/regGiftRegistry.asp?order_num=-1&wrn=-1958405680&\
Pottery Barn - http://www.potterybarn.com/registry/index.cfm?cm_type=gnav
\b \
\

\fs40 Travel & Hotel Info\

\b0\fs28 \

\b For our far-away family and friends:\

\b0 Sarasota Bradenton International Airport - http://www.srq-airport.com/\
\
We have reserved a block of rooms at the Sarasota Hilton Garden Inn. 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 To make reservations, call the hotel at 941-552-1100 and ask for the "Mantle-McNally wedding rate." The cut-off date for reservations will be three weeks prior to the wedding. 
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Sarasota Hilton Garden Inn - http://www.hiltongardeninn.com/en/gi/hotels/index.jhtml?ctyhocn=SRQNBGI\

\b\fs40 \
Local Attractions\
\

\b0\fs28 John & Mable Ringling Museum - http://www.ringling.org/\
Sarasota Jungle Gardens - http://www.sarasotajunglegardens.com/\
Sarasota Classic Car Museum - http://sarasotacarmuseum.org/\
Selby Botanical Gardens - http://www.selby.org/\
Downtown Sarasota - http://www.discovermainstreet.com/\
St. Armands Circle & Lido Beach - http://www.starmandscircleassoc.com/\
Siesta Key - http://www.siestakeychamber.com/\
Circus Museum - http://circussarasota.org/\
G Wiz Science Museum - http://www.gwiz.org/\
Rosa Fiorelli Winery - http://www.fiorelliwinery.com/\
\

\b\fs40 \
Thanks\

\b0\fs28 \
We wanted to take a moment and say thanks to everyone who has been influential in making our wedding happen!\

\b \
Thanks to:\

\b0 Our Parents: Chuck & Suzi Mantle and Bruce & Gail McNally, for being amazing always!\
Our Wedding Party for supporting us on our special day!\
Robyn McNally for lending us her beautiful voice!\
Andrew Prahlow for playing trumpet for our ceremony!\
JoAnn & Steve Millard and Gail & Robyn McNally and Kyle & Kristyn McNally for planning and hosting our Tampa engagement party & couples shower!\
Laurie Mantle for planning and hosting our Punta Gorda wedding shower!\
Kevin & Linda Shaugnessy for hosting our ...\
Pastor Lou Judd for doing our pre-marital counseling & officiating our ceremony!\

\b \
\
Guest Book\

\b0 Let us know you stopped by!
\b \
\
Request a Song\

\b0 Request your favorite songs for our wedding playlist!
\b \
\
Contact Us\

\b0 Drop us a line, we'd love to hear from you!
\b \
\

\b0 E-mail Brad:\
brad@bradmcnally.com\
\
Email Sara:\
cagedbirdflying@gmail.com
\b \

\fs40 \
Our Vendors\

\b0\fs28 \
Venue: Powel Crosley Estate - http://www.crosleymuseum.com/\
Officiant: Pastor Lou Judd from Bayside Community Church - http://baysidecommunity.org/\
Photography: Mandy & Me Studio - http://mandyandmestudio.com/\
Flowers: Sarasota Enchanted Flowers - http://www.sarasotaenchantedflowers.com/\
Cake: The Wired Whisk Bakehouse - http://wiredwhisk.com/\
Dress: Casablanca - http://www.casablancabridal.com/\
	  Sarasota Brides & The Karis Collection - http://sarasotabrides.com/\
Catering: Affordable Catering, Inc. - http://www.affordablecatering.net/\

\b\fs40 \
Honeymoon\

\b0\fs28 \
For our honeymoon, we are going on a 7 day Royal Caribbean cruise to Alaska. We are excited to relax, see the sights, go whale watching, and enjoy our first newlywed days! }